Small fixes (#62)
scipp/scippnexus: docs/about/release-notes.rst

   Neil Vaytet :sup:`a`\ ,
   and Jan-Lukas Wynen :sup:`a`

v0.3.3 (October 2022)
---------------------

Bugfixes
~~~~~~~~

* Fix :meth:`scippnexus.Field.dims` and :meth:`scippnexus.Field.shape` to consistently return tuples instead of lists `#62 <https://github.com/scipp/scippnexus/pull/62>`_.

> * Fix :meth:`scippnexus.NXobject.__getitem__` to return children with correctly setup field dimensions when indexed with a class name `#62 <https://github.com/scipp/scippnexus/pull/62>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix :meth:`scippnexus.NXobject.__getitem__` to return children with correctly set up field dimensions when indexed with a class name `#62 <https://github.com/scipp/scippnexus/pull/62>`_.
```
